%From Chao Xu
NCT03679949
Effects of Cannabis on Prescription Drug Abuse Liability and Analgesia

Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Male or non-pregnant female aged 21-53 years
•	Previous cannabis use
•	Previous opioid use
•	Urine test positive for recent cannabis use
•	Being able to perform all study procedures
•	Currently practicing an effective form of birth control (women only)
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Meeting criteria for some Use Disorders
•	Report regular illicit drug use
•	If medical history, physical and psychiatric examination, or laboratory tests performed during the screening process revealed any significant illness

NCT01678833
Understanding Drug Abuse Treatment Outcomes
Criteria
•	INCLUSION CRITERIA:
Participants will be eligible for inclusion in the study if they meet the following criteria:
1.	Right-handed individuals between the ages of 18 and 60;
2.	Good physical condition;
3.	Participating and receiving buprenorphine treatment in protocol 09-DA-N020, a study being conducted in the NIDA Intramural Archway Clinic (Dr. Kenzie Preston, PI) in Baltimore, MD OR at outpatient treatment facilities at UMMC (ADAP or OATS);
4.	Heroin or other opioid dependent;
5.	Suitable for MRI scanning;
EXCLUSION CRITERIA:
Participants will be excluded from this study if they:
1.	History of neurological illnesses including but not limited to CVA, CNS tumor, head trauma, MS or other demyelinating diseases, epilepsy, movement disorders, or migraine in treatment.
2.	Are HIV infected.
3.	Have deep vein thrombosis (DVT): Assessment tool: self report during H&P of thrombosis, family history of thrombosis, or a medical condition that may lead to a hypercoagulable state Rationale: Lying still for an hour (plus the mock scanning session) may be a risk for the development of DVT in persons with certain medical conditions. As such, persons with will be excluded.
4.	Have current suicidal ideation.
5.	Are unable to undergo MRI scanning due to metallic devices in the body including dental braces, claustrophobia or body morphometry.
6.	Are currently using respiratory, cardiovascular or anticonvulsant medications that may interfere with the BOLD MRI signal.
7.	Cognitively impaired;
8.	Continued noncompliance (after the 3rd time) with respect to testing positive for illicit drugs or reporting caffeine use in the past 12 hours or alcohol use in the past 24 hours when they visit for their scanning sessions will lead to discontinuing their participation in the #480 protocol.

NCT00936000
Antioxidant Replacement Therapy in Patients With Alcohol Abuse
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
Subjects will be eligible to participate in the study if they meet all of the following criteria at study entry:
•	Alcohol Use Disorders Identification Test (AUDIT) score of 8 or more,
•	Alcohol use within the seven days prior to enrollment
•	Age >= 21 and < 55 years
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Prior medical history of liver disease (documented history of cirrhosis, total bilirubin >= 2.0 mg/dL, or albumin < 3.0)
•	Prior medical history of gastrointestinal bleeding (due to the concern of varices)
•	Prior medical history of heart disease (documentation of ejection fraction < 50%, myocardial infarction, or severe valvular dysfunction)
•	Prior medical history of renal disease (end-stage renal disease requiring dialysis, or a serum creatinine ≥ 2 mg/dL)
•	Prior medical history of lung disease defined as an abnormal chest radiograph or spirometry (FVC or FEV1<80%)
•	Concurrent illicit drug use defined as a positive toxicology screen
•	Prior history of diabetes mellitus
•	Prior history of HIV infection
•	Failure of the patient to provide informed consent
•	Refusal of the patient's attending physician to provide consent to participate
•	Pregnancy
•	No prior history of recent acetaminophen use due to the effects of this drug on hepatic glutathione concentrations (96)
•	History of malnutrition as defined as a Nutritional Risk Index of less than 90. This index relies on the serum albumin concentration and the percentage of usual body weight in the following manner; NRI = 100x [1.59 x albumin (g/l)] + [0.417 x (current weight/usual body weight in the past 6 months)].
•	Homeless population (who do not have transitional housing)

NCT02691390
Exploration of the Potential Role of Brain Magnetic Stimulation in Preventing Relapse to Alcohol Abuse
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Age 18 - 65
•	Current diagnosis of alcohol dependence
•	Alcohol use in the past month
•	Right handed (self-report)
•	If female, negative urine pregnancy test
•	If female, must either agree to practice an effective birth control method; agree to abstinence from intercourse; be surgically sterile or postmenopausal for at least one year
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Currently pregnant or breastfeeding
•	More than mild cognitive impairment, as determined by a score on the Montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA) <25.
•	Current diagnosis of schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or other psychotic disorder
•	Use in the past 2 weeks of medication or illicit drug with known high pro-convulsant action, as self-reported, or detected using urine toxicology screening; and with accordance to the Physician best Judgment.
•	Any history of clinically significant neurological disorders, including organic brain disease, epilepsy, stroke, brain lesions, multiple sclerosis, previous neurosurgery or personal history of head trauma that resulted in loss of consciousness for > 5 minutes and retrograde amnesia for > 30 minutes (self-reported history).
•	Any history of seizures other than febrile childhood seizures (self-reported history)
•	Clinically significant hearing impairment
•	Presence of ferromagnetic objects in the body that are contraindicated for MRI of the head (pacemakers or other implanted electrical devices, brain stimulators, some types of dental implants, aneurysm clips, metallic prostheses, permanent eyeliner, implanted delivery pump, or shrapnel fragments) or fear of enclosed spaces). Eligibility will be determined by the "MRI Safety Screening Questionnaire" and verified, if necessary, by a radiology consultant. Some of the patients that will be excluded from the imaging part of the study will be included in the clinical part.
•	Any psychiatric, medical or social condition whether or not listed above, due to which, in the judgment of the investigators and after any consults if indicated, participation in the study is not in the best interest of the patient.


NCT02509858
The Effect of Administration of Small Doses of Thyroxine on Glucose and Lipid Metabolism, in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus.
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Healthy or treatment naive type 2 diabetes euthyroid subjects, with a micronodular texture of the thyroid gland.
•	Recreationally active
•	With stable body weight and diet during the last two months.
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Any systemic disease(besides glucose abnormalities)
•	Any medication therapy
•	Diabetic complications


NCT01983007
Effect of Physical Exercise on Endothelial Function in Patients With Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
Subjects with type 2 DM, of both genders, aged between 40 and 65 years, without coronary artery disease, characterized by a negative maximum exercise test
Exclusion Criteria:


NCT02743533
Cardiovascular Diseases in the Silesian Region in Poland. (SILICARD)
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	each hospitalisation in the departments of: cardiology, cardiac surgery, diabetology and vascular surgery,
•	hospitalisation with cardiological diagnosis in the departments of internal medicine and intensive care.
Exclusion Criteria:
•	hospitalisations of patients from beyond Silesia Province,
•	patients at the age below18 years at the moment of admission to the hospital

NCT03532815

Lifestyle Intervention for Cardiovascular Disease Risk Factors Among Female Residents at the National Guard Residential City, Jeddah, Saudi Arabia
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
1.	Women aged ≥ 30 years.
2.	The participants must be at moderate to high-risk of CVD according to FRS.
Exclusion Criteria:
1.	Women aged < 30 years.
2.	Women aged ≥ 30 years with low risk of CVD according to FRS.
3.	Pregnant women.
4.	Female patients diagnosed with CVD.

NCT02844283
Ad-HGF Treatment for Myocardial Infarction
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Male or female 18-80 years of age
o	Clinical diagnosis of anterior ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (STEMI) within the last 30 days, with any one of the following 12-lead electrocardiographic changes:
o	a) Greater than or equal to 2 mm ST-segment elevation) in 2 adjacent electrocardiographic precordial leads
o	b) A new left bundle branch block AND and an increase in cardiospecific enzymes >3x CK, or increase in troponin compared to institution laboratory normal ranges
o	Successful PCI with stent implantation to infarct-related artery within the last 30 days; defined as residual stenosis no greater than 30%, Thrombolysis In Myocardial Infarction (TIMI) flow of at least 2 and a reference diameter of at least > 2mm
o	Is considered hemodynamically stable at time of enrollment and immediately prior to Ad-HGF delivery
o	Screening LVEF for the first 12 enrolled participants, must be no greater than 40% by echocardiography (determined by Simpson's method) performed at least 2 days after revascularization procedure. Subsequent participants enrolled in the trial, must have an LVEF no greater than 45%. (All screening echos done within the first 4 days post percutaneous coronary intervention (PCI) must be repeated either by echocardiography or MRI prior to Ad-HGF delivery to ensure that the variability does not exceed 10%)
o	In the case of a previous myocardial infarction, documented LVEF must be 50% or greater
o	Female participants must be surgically sterile, post-menopausal, have documented infertility, or are of child-bearing potential wih laboratory confirmation of non-pregnant state
o	Provided written informed consent and is willing to comply with study follow-up visits
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Significant unprotected left main disease (stenosis of 50% or greater)on diagnostic angiography
o	An increase in LVEF by greater that 10% from initial LVEF evaluation for repeat assessments
o	The presence of significant coronary lesions, other than the index lesion of the infarction related artery
o	A history of significant ventricular arrhythmia not related to index STEMI
o	A history of cerebro-vascular accident or transient ischemic attack within 6 months of enrollment
o	Inability to undergo apheresis procedure(i.e.: poor venous access, laboratory abnormalities
o	A history of uncorrected significant valvular heart disease
o	A history of left ventricular dysfunction prior to index STEMI
o	A history of human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)or hepatitis B or C infection
o	A history of malignancy within 5 years (Except for low-grade and fully resolved non-melanoma skin cancer)
o	A history of allergy to gentamycin or amphotericin
o	A history of non-compliance
o	Active inflammatory autoimmune disease requiring chronic immunosuppressive therapy
o	Creatinine clearance <60 by Cockcroft-Gault Calculator
o	Confirmed pregnant or lactating
o	Is enrolled in a current investigational drug or device trial
o	Participant has received cell or gene therapy in past
o	The presence of any significant co-morbidities that, in the investigator's opinion, would preclude the participant from taking part in the trial
o	Inability to provide informed consent and comply with the follow-up visit schedule


NCT03498066
Beta Blocker Interruption After Uncomplicated Myocardial Infarction (AβYSS)
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Subjects meeting all of the following criteria will be considered for enrolment into the study:
1.	Male or female 18 years of age
2.	Current treatment with βB whatever the drug or the dose used
3.	Prior documented acute myocardial infarction 6 months or more before randomisation defined either by:
•	a documented ST elevation MI with ST segment elevation and/or the presence of Q wave (Type I MI)
•	a documented episode of Non ST Elevation MI with at least one of the followings:
o	a documented hypokinetic or akinetic segment on echo or any other imaging technique
o	segmental hypoperfusion Thallium or any other imaging technique
o	segmental aspect of necrosis on MRI 4. Patient affiliated to French Social Security 5. Informed consent obtained in writing at enrolment into the study
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Subjects presenting with any of the following will not be included in the study:
1.	Uncontrolled arterial hypertension according to investigator decision
2.	Prior episode of heart failure in the past two years of follow-up and/or low left ventricular ejection fraction <40% requiring the use of βB;
3.	New ACS (in the past 6 months) including UA/NSTEMI and STEMI;
4.	Persistent angina or ischemia (>10% viable myocardium) requiring the use of βB;
5.	Prior episode of ventricular or supraventricular arrhythmia in the past year of follow-up requiring the use of ΒB;
6.	Treatment with other investigational agents or devices within the previous 30 days, or previous enrolment in this trial.
7.	Pregnant Women or breast feeding women
8.	Patient under legal protection (protection of the court, or in curatorship or guardianship).

NCT03717896
Thiamine as Adjunctive Therapy for Diabetic Ketoacidosis
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Bicarbonate <= 15 mEq/L
•	Anion gap > 12 mEq/L
•	Blood pH≤ 7.24 (if already obtained by clinical team)
•	Urine ketones (qualitative) or serum ketones (β-hydroxybutyric acid) > 3 mmol/L
•	Enrollment within 6 hours of presentation
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Current thiamine supplementation ≥ 6 milligrams per day (i.e., more than a multivitamin)
•	Competing causes of severe acidosis including seizure, carbon monoxide poisoning, cyanide toxicity, cardiac arrest, liver dysfunction (specifically defined as known cirrhosis)
•	Known allergy to thiamine
•	Competing indication for thiamine administration as judged by the clinical team (e.g., alcoholic)
•	Research-protected populations (pregnant women, prisoners, the intellectually disabled)
•	Patient enrolled previously in same study
•	Code status of Do Not Resuscitate/Do Not Intubate (DNR/DNI) or Comfort Measures Only (CMO)


NCT02763423
Allogeneic Umbilical Cord Mesenchymal Stem Cell Transplantation for Type 1 Diabetes With Diabetic Ketoacidosis (UCMSCDKA)
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Type 1 diabetes
•	Duration of disease less than 12 months from diagnosis
•	With the history of diabetic ketoacidosis
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Pregnancy
•	Severe psychiatric disorder
•	Severe organic impairment(renal,hepatic,cardiac,pulmonary)
•	Active infectious disease
•	Previous or present neoplastic disease

NCT03125551
ROTEM and Dietary Supplements
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
1.	Age 18-60 years
2.	Both males and females
3.	Healthy volunteers
4.	Smokers and Non-smokers
5.	Staff frequenting the theatre complex at Steve Biko Academic Hospital
Exclusion Criteria:
1.	Use of any medication, excluding oral contraceptive pills, in the two week period prior to commencement of the study. Medicines excluded, include aspirin, dietary supplements, herbal teas, anticoagulants and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory medications. . Oral contraceptive pills were omitted as an exclusion criteria, taking into account that the majority of woman use these. The results of the study will be a better reflection of the effect of these dietary supplements in the modern day woman. Its coagulant properties will be taken into account during data analysis.
2.	History of any chronic medical or psychiatric illness.
3.	Current excessive alcohol intake - more than 14 units a week in woman and more than 21 units a week in men.
4.	Pregnant or lactating mothers.
5.	Possible planned surgery during the study period

NCT03032549
Safety of a Ready to Drink Supplement (NB10)
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:
•	Participants are apparently healthy and recreationally active males and females between the ages of 18 and 40
Exclusion Criteria:
•	Participants are under 18 years old and above 40 years old
•	Participants have a history of treatment for metabolic disease (i.e., diabetes), hypertension, hypotension, thyroid disease, arrhythmias and/or cardiovascular disease
•	Participants currently use any prescription medication (birth control is allowed)
•	Participants are pregnant or lactating females or plan to become pregnant within the next month
•	Participants have a history of smoking
•	Participants drink excessively (12 drinks per week or more)
•	Participants have a recent history of creatine supplementation within 8 weeks of the start of supplementation


% From Stefan Borgwardt
NCT02112526
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

Men and women ≥ 18 years of age.
Pathologically confirmed de novo ABC DLBCL
Relapsed or refractory disease
Subjects must have ≥ 1 measurable disease sites
Exclusion Criteria:

A life-threatening illness, medical condition or organ system dysfunction which, in the investigator's opinion, could compromise the subject's safety, interfere with the absorption or metabolism of ACP-196, or put the study outcomes at undue risk
Significant cardiovascular disease such as uncontrolled or symptomatic arrhythmias, congestive heart failure, or myocardial infarction within 6 months of screening, or any Class 3 or 4 cardiac disease as defined by the New York Heart Association Functional Classification, or LVEF > 50%
Malabsorption syndrome, disease significantly affecting gastrointestinal function, or resection of the stomach or small bowel or ulcerative colitis, symptomatic inflammatory bowel disease, or partial or complete bowel obstruction.
Breast feeding or pregnant

NCT02264678
Criteria
Principal Inclusion criteria:

Aged at least 18
The presence of a solid malignant tumour that is not considered appropriate for further standard treatment
Module 1 and 2 Part B study expansions, and Module 3: patients must have a tumour at least 1 cm in size that can be measured using a CT or MRI scan
Module 1 Part B Study expansion: second line lung adenocarcinoma with ATM deficient tumours.
Module 2 Part B All - No previous treatment with PARP inhibitor.
Module 2 Part B1 Study expansion: advanced gastric adenocarcinoma (including GEJ) patients with ATM deficient tumours
Module 2 Part B2 Study expansion: advanced gastric adenocarcinoma (including GEJ) patients with ATM proficient tumours
Module2 Part B3 Study expansion: Second or thrid line HER2 negative breast cancer
Module 2 Part B4 Study expansion: Second or third line triple negative breast cancer (TNBC) Module 3: advanced recurrent or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer, or head and neck squamous cell carcinoma
Principal exclusion criteria

A diagnosis of ataxia telangiectasia
Prior exposure to an ATR inhibitor
Bad reaction to AZD6738
Module 1: Contra-indicated for treatment with carboplatin
Module 2: Contra-indicated for treatment with olaparib
Module 3: Contra-indicated for treatment with MEDI4736

NCT00383799
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

Patients with stable tachycardia ≥120 lpm, QRS ≥120 ms and haemodynamically well tolerated defined as: 1)Systolic blood pressure ≥90 mmHg, 2) absence of dyspnea at rest, 3)absence of peripheric hypoperfusion signs and 4)no severe angina.
Age > 18 years
Written inform consent obtained
Exclusion Criteria:

Treatment with iv amiodarone or iv procainamide during the previous 24 hours
QRS tachycardia <120 ms
Patients with QRS ≥120 ms tachycardia with haemodynamic compromise that requires urgent cardioversion for termination
Irregular tachycardia
Tachycardia that is considered as supraventricular due to physician criteria (adenosine and/or vagal manoeuvres response)
Patient that do not want to cooperate


NCT01467089

Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

Inpatients and outpatients aged 18-75 years old who have been taking antipsychotics for longer than 6 months in their life time, and
That have been compliant for the past week.
Exclusion Criteria:

Patients who have medical conditions which make it difficult to perform a physical examination.
Patients who are clinically too ill to consent and/or unable to cooperate with the examination procedures.


NCT03558295
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

Patients with final diagnosis of CAD (stable CAD or ACS) treated with oral anticoagulants and who undwerwent a coronary artery intervention
Age ≥ 18 years
Obtained informed consent
Exclusion Criteria:

Oral anticoagulation indication other than atrial fibrillation
Patients who underwent revascularization with thrombolysis or with BPAC
Patients in active treatment with anti-cancer therapy
Patients with a non obstructive coronary artery disease


NCT00350337
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

A healthy male or female adult 18-45 years at the time of vaccination;
Free of obvious health problems as established by medical history and physical examination before entering into the study;
Written informed consent obtained from the subject;
Able to read the Subject Information Sheet and Consent Form;
Subjects who the investigator believes can and will comply with the requirements of the protocol (e.g., completion of the diary cards, return for follow-up visits) should be enrolled in the study;
If the subject is female, she must be of non-childbearing potential, i.e. either surgically sterilized or one year post-menopausal; or, if of childbearing potential, she must be abstinent or have used adequate contraceptive precautions (i.e. intrauterine contraceptive device; oral contraceptives or other equivalent hormonal contraception, e.g. progestin implantable, cutaneous hormonal patch or injectable contraceptives) for 30 days prior to vaccination, have a negative pregnancy test within 48 hours prior to vaccination and must agree to continue such precautions for 60 days after completion of the vaccination series.
Exclusion Criteria:

Pregnant or lactating female;
Female planning to become pregnant or planning to discontinue abstinence or contraceptive precautions;
History of any neurological or behavioral disorder or seizures, with the exception of a single febrile seizure in childhood;
History of drug abuse or alcohol consumption (more than 2 drinks per day);
History of allergic disease/reaction likely to be exacerbated by any component of the vaccine;
History of urticaria related to mosquito bites requiring medical attention;
Acute or chronic, clinically significant pulmonary, cardiovascular, hepatic, renal, hematologic or endocrine functional defect, as determined by physical examination or laboratory tests;
Any confirmed or suspected immunosuppressive or immunodeficient condition;
Subject seropositive for HBsAg, anti-HCV or anti-HIV;
Acute disease at the time of enrollment (acute disease is defined as the presence of a moderate or severe illness with or without fever);
(Vaccine can be administered to persons with a minor illness such as diarrhea, mild upper respiratory infection with or without low-grade febrile illness, i.e., oral temperature <37.5°C/<99.5°F.)
Chronic hepatomegaly, right upper quadrant abdominal pain or tenderness;
Chronic splenomegaly, left upper quadrant abdominal pain or tenderness;
Use of any investigational or non-registered drug or vaccine other than the study vaccine within 30 days preceding the study vaccine (includes placebo) or planned use during the study period;
Planned administration of a vaccine not foreseen by the study protocol during the period starting from 30 days before each dose of the study vaccine and ending 30 days after;
A planned move to a location that will prohibit participating in the trial for 9 months after the initial vaccination;
Chronic administration (defined as more than 14 days) of immunosuppressants or other immune-modifying drugs within 90 days preceding the first dose or planned administration during the study period. For corticosteroids, this will mean prednisone, or equivalent, 0.5 mg/kg/day. Inhaled and topical steroids are allowed;
Administration of immunoglobulins and/or blood products within 90 days preceding the first dose or planned administration during the study period;
Any chronic systemic drug therapy to be continued during the study period (except for vitamin/mineral supplements, a single anti-hypertension medication or routine treatment for gastro-esophageal reflux).


NCT03585231

Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

age 18 or older
smokes at least five cigarettes daily for at least past 12 months
wants to quit cigarette smoking in the next 14 days
if concurrently using any other nicotine or tobacco products, wants to quit using them within the next 14days
resides in western Washington State (in the following counties: Clallam, Grays Harbor, Island, Jefferson, King, Kitsap, Mason, Pierce, San Juan, Skagit, Snohomish, Thurston, and Whatcom)
interested in learning skills to quit smoking
willing to be randomly assigned to either condition
has at least daily access to their own personal smartphone
has and uses both text messaging and Facebook Messenger on their smartphone
willing and able to read in English
not using other smoking cessation interventions (including apps or our other intervention studies).
willing to complete one 3-month follow-up survey
willing to provide email, phone, and mailing address.
Exclusion Criteria:

The exclusion criteria are opposite of the inclusion criteria listed above.

NCT02959242
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

manifest glaucoma, ocular Hypertension, glaucoma suspect
Exclusion Criteria:

under 18 years of age, corneal diseases


NCT02677025
Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

Female, 16 to 21 years of age
Dropped out of school for at least 6 months
Currently dropped out of school
Have not completed matric or N 3 certificate
Have used at least one drug (which can include alcohol) at least weekly in the past 90 days
Report unprotected sex with a male partner in the last 90 days
Able to provide informed assent to participate or informed consent if at least 18 years old
Live in a targeted community Delft, Khayelitsha, or Mfuleni
Exclusion Criteria:

• Have been a part of formative activities

NCT02993172

Criteria
Inclusion Criteria:

Background population living in a defined area of Copenhagen
Exclusion Criteria:
